hey everybody this is Shelly and it is
Monday night here's what's for dinner I
may have made us a pot of homemade chili
so I'm just having a big bowl of
homemade chili with some cheddar and
Monterey Jack cheese and a scoop of sour
cream and then I am serving this with
some frito scoops for a dipping or you
can crush them up and have them on top
or you can put them at the bottom of the
bowl and put your chili on top and call
it a Frito pie so that is what we're
having for dinner hey everybody this is
Shelly and it is Tuesday night and
here's what's for dinner I made crock
pot dr. pepper pulled pork I'm just
having it on a hamburger bun with some
mustard some pickles and some a slice of
Munster cheese and then we are having
fresh English peas from my dad's garden
and a side salad of just Greenleaf
lettuce a little bit of cheese and some
ranch and then also on the side are some
left over grilled ribs and a piece of
chicken and my dad had made this this
weekend for Mother's Day so we're not
going to let this go to waste we're
gonna all eat on it so we can finish him
off and that's what's for dinner hey
everybody this is Shelly and it is
Wednesday night and here's what's for
dinner
I reheated some leftover dr. pepper
pulled pork and I've just made myself a
big salad I've got some green leaf
lettuce and spinach and I cut up some
tomato and onions and I've got some
cheese and then the pulled pork and then
I've just got one of these
Costco chunky guacamoles on top and
that's what I'm having for dinner and
then at lunch time I made the copycat
Olive Garden chicken and nokey soup and
that's what Andy and Emily are having
for dinner and I did film this and it's
already on my channel but I'll link it
below in case you missed it and then I
served it with a side of a sourdough
bread and I just brushed a little olive
oil and some rosemary on top and
having that with their soup and I'm
having a Dutch pepper pulled pork salad
and that's what's for dinner hey
everybody it is Thursday night and
here's what's for dinner
I made us slow cooker swiss chicken and
i do have a video on my channel for this
recipe I'll link it below and as you can
see it is still very hot and steaming up
my camera sorry about that
and then I had a head of cauliflower and
some broccoli crowns so I just went on
my Pinterest board for recipes - sides
and I just printed off a recipe for
cheddar cauliflower gratin and then just
went ahead and added the broccoli to the
recipe as well and so that is our dinner
and I will link both of these recipes
below for you guys and that's what's for
dinner hey everybody this is Shelley and
it's Friday not here's what's for dinner
Emily and I did some shopping when she
got out of school so we were just not
getting home it's 8 o'clock in the
evening so we picked up sonic so I am
having just a sonic cheeseburger and
some french fries and Emily and Andy are
having the grilled chicken wrap and some
french fries and that's what's for
dinner